[element 2.0] Minor updates on docs for Element v2.0 (#420)
flood-io/element: packages/docs/docs/guides/CLI.md

element generate <file>
```

**Positionals**

> - `file` (string) the test script file name to create. Specify a TypeScript file format, for example, `my-test-script.ts`.

Reviewer: **"Specify a TypeScript file format"** doesn't sound right. Here's my suggestion for your consideration
```suggestion
- `file` (string) name of the test script to be created, including `.ts` extension. E.g. `my-test-script.ts`.
```

Author: I'm trying to write similar content to which Son wrote for `element run`
> - `file` (string) the test script (or path to the test script) to run. Specify a test script written in TypeScript with a `.ts` extension.

I do agree that "Specify a TypeScript file format" doesn't sound natural, so I'd to edit it as below. Let me know if you're OK with that
`- `file` (string) the test script name to generate. Specify a file name with a `.ts` extension (TypeScript), for example, `my-test-script.ts`.`

Reviewer: Ok, I think that's better. Let's go with that
